hello and welcome to a beyond the
trailer special report this is a big day
for Twitter leaks yes there are some
eagle-eyed fans out there and they're
sharing their discoveries with us via
the Internet now I have an Avengers age
of Ultron one coming up shortly but
first this quick one foot seems to be
our very first look at Jesse Eisenberg
as Lex Luthor now this picture was taken
by a fan who spotted him and recognized
him not as lex luthor in the upcoming
Batman V Superman one of the most
anticipated films of all time but as the
start of the social network which is
what she tweeted but he was very
gracious you talked her for you for a
few moments he agreed to this photo
which she then tweeted and of course
it's snow balled on the internet where
everyone is very aware that he is
playing lex luthor in Batman V Superman
and even more so he looks a little
different here doesn't he so of course
speculation ran wild as to what exactly
is going on and how much of this is his
Lex Luthor look now the prevailing
theory seems to be that he shaved his
head for the role and this is some kind
of you know off hours to pay that Warner
Brothers has given him to walk around
with in the general public I say no I
say this is Lex Luthor look what do I
feel that way well think about it it's
very hot right now in the United States
right and I'm assuming that's where this
photo was taken but it's summer it's
pretty hot everywhere and they are
actually as you can see in summary
clothes at least she is so my thing is
if you shaved your head why don't you
put on a hot bitch e to pay on your down
time why wouldn't you just put on a ball
cap skull cap etc and just rock it out
like so many people do Denzel he looks
awesome in it now maybe Warner Brothers
is like we don't want anyone to see with
a bald head because it'll give it away
ok but then just keep the hat on this
this is not just a toupee but this is a
very stylized to pay that is so
different than its normal hair I mean
this is a toupee with banks but sman
hairspray and straightened it just
doesn't make much sense to me that this
is something human wearing his downtime
and would not be his look for the film
now what else is it what is the other
evidence that i feel points this being
the Lex Luthor look well most of you
were comic book fans you're aware of the
fact that before he loses his hair or
whatever with Lex Luthor there a couple
of theories through the years as to how
he loses it one is kryptonite poisoning
be interesting to see if that's what
they do here but he's a redhead and as
you can see not only is this wig or to
pay or maybe it's his hair that's been
straightened and you know this is the
look they've given him which I think
actually would be my guess I think this
is what they've actually done this to
jesse eisenberg but it's a darkish red
he has red hair here and not only that
but if I noticed something else was off
about him his eyebrows have been dyed
red so I think they took like some
japanese straightening technique which
is something a lot of which is used
quite a lot in hairstyles these days
it's something so you don't have to blow
out the hair every day it keeps it
straight even when it gets wet for a
couple of months and I think they've
straightened Jesse Eisenberg's hair dyed
it dark red along with his eyebrows and
that's how Lex Luthor is going to look I
think you have to give him credit for
doing a pretty darn good job styling in
himself when he's not on set this might
be just how Jesse Eisenberg likes it he
might have it slicked back in the film
to have a more corporate raider look we
don't know but I think he's a redhead
and I think it's going to not be a wig I
think it's going to be his actual look
which is all very interesting i think
it's an interesting direction to go in
he might lose his hair in this film he
might lose his hair in a future film as
i said kryptonite poisoning is one of
the theories azure nor not theories but
one of the reasons given for him losing
his hair another reason to be upset with
Superman so that might happen in this
film but I think it's a very interesting
direction to go and I like it I think it
changes them enough so that you know I
think that they have to be very careful
that when people see Lex Luthor they
don't see Mark Zuckerberg they don't see
Jesse Eisenberg they need to see this
new character I think it's going to go a
long way to helping jesse eisenberg
create something special here so I'm
curious to what you guys think is it a
hold over to pay for his down time
offset or do you think this is Lex
Luthor and do you yeah what do you think
of the look if it is do you think that
it works for Jesse Eisenberg for him
personally as an actor and you think it
works for the character very interesting
great reveal great I'm so nice and it's
so nice I think that he posed for this
photo cuz he had to know what might get
out there but he was just nice enough to
do it so no I I know I think jesse
eisenberg is a really nice guy alright
so I'm curious to what you guys think
right here thoughts down below as I've
said many times I'm excited for this
movie I'm rooting for it and he's one of
the people that I'm rooting for in it
him and Ben Affleck in
particular I would like nothing more for
them to be a great Batman Bruce Wayne
and Lex Luthor so write your thoughts
down below and stay tuned for the other
breaking news report very soon bye